# Wireframe
Locate at `docs\Design\GUI\WireFrame\Edit Screen - Offline Tab.png` and `docs\Design\GUI\WireFrame\Edit Screen - Online Tab.png`

# Description
- On the top - left hand side, the Edit screen contains two common inputs (across tabs):
  - *Word*: User inputs the word. This is a compulsary field. App will check if it exists. If yes, all inputs will be displayed. If no, do nothing.
  - *Note*: User inputs a remark for the word. This is an optional field. It can be anything.

- On the top - right hand side, the Edit screen contains two common buttons (across tabs):
  - *Save*: User clicks on it to save all inputs. After that, all items are empty (ready for the next word)
  - *Clear/Delete*: This is a dynamic button. I mean one button having two functions depending on the situation:
    - If user saves a word before (or the word exists in the database), it becomes a *Delete* button. User clicks on it and a popup display to confirm. If "yes", delete the word from database.
    - If user has not saved the word (or the word does not exist in the database), it becomes a *Clear* button. User clicks on it and the app erases all inputs.

- On the middle, the Edit screen consits of following tabs:
  - *Offline*: This is user input, customized by user
  - *Online*: THis is online dictionary (such as Oxford, Cambridge, etc.). The app uses webview to visit the online dictionary.

- In the Offline tab, there are 4 groups of inputs:
  - *Definitions*: This group defines most important aspects of a word, including follow fields:
    - *Meaning*: This is a compulsary field. User has to input it.
    - *Word type*: This is a compulsary field. User has to input it.
    - *Tags*: This is a compulsary field. User has to input it.
    - *Pronunciation in UK*: This is an optional field. The app will input it by finding it in online dictionary or via Web Speech API. There is a Speaker symbol attached, so user can clicks on and hear the pronunciation.
    - *Pronunciation in US*: This is an optional field. The app will input it by finding it in online dictionary or via Web Speech API. There is a Speaker symbol attached, so user can clicks on and hear the pronunciation.
    - *Examples*: This is an optional field. User has to input it.
    - *Synonyms*: This is an optional field. User has to input it.
    - *Antonyms*: This is an optional field. User has to input it.
    NOTE: There can be multiple definitions for a word. So the app has a `+` button to generate a new group of *Definitions* for user to input. By contrast, there is a `-` button to delete old group.
  - *Collocations*: This group defines collocations of a word, including following fields:
    - *Collocation*: This is an optional field. User has to input it.
    - *Meaning*: This is an optional field. User has to input it.
    - *Examples*: This is an optional field. User has to input it.
    NOTE 1: Because all fields in this group are optional, so this whole group is also optional. By default, it's hide. User has to click on button *Add collocations* to have it.
    NOTE 2: There can be multiple definitions for a word. So the app has a `+` button to generate a new group of *Collocations* for user to input. By contrast, there is a `-` button to delete old group.
  - *Idioms*:
    - *Idiom*: This is an optional field. User has to input it.
    - *Meaning*: This is an optional field. User has to input it.
    - *Examples*: This is an optional field. User has to input it.
    NOTE 1: Because all fields in this group are optional, so this whole group is also optional. By default, it's hide. User has to click on button *Add idioms* to have it.
    NOTE 2: There can be multiple definitions for a word. So the app has a `+` button to generate a new group of *Definitions* for user to input. By contrast, there is a `-` button to delete old group.
  - *Pictures*: This group is optional field. User can browse pictures from the file system, or simply copy-n-paste a picture here.
    NOTE 1: Because all fields in this group are optional, so this whole group is also optional. By default, it's hide. User has to click on button *Add pictures* to have it.
    NOTE 2: There can be multiple pictures for a word. So the app has a `+` button to generate a new group of *Pictures* for user to input. By contrast, there is a `-` button to delete old group.

- In the Offline tab, there is a dropdown list for user to select an online dictionary and a webview to browse the selected dictionary. It's actually a embedded browser within an app.

- The Edit screen also contains two buttons:
  - *Save*: User clicks on it to save all inputs
  - *Clear/Delete*: This is a dynamic button. I mean one button having two functions depending on the situation:
    - If user saves a word before (or the word exists in the database), it becomes a *Delete* button. User clicks on it and a popup display to confirm. If "yes", delete the word from database.
    - If user has not saved the word (or the word does not exist in the database), it becomes a *Clear* button. User clicks on it and the app erases all inputs.

# Visual annimations
- Visual annimations are shown up when:
  - User hovers or clicks on any field or button.

# Layout
- In Desktop, use Grid layout as I drawn in the wireframe.
- In Mobile, use Stack layout. So you'll need to modify the wireframe.