# Wireframe
Locate at `docs\Design\GUI\WireFrame\Search Screen - Offline Tab.png` and `docs\Design\GUI\WireFrame\Search Screen - Online Tab.png`

# Description
- The Search screen consits of following tabs:
  - *Offline*: This is user input, customized by user
  - *Online*: This is online dictionary (such as Oxford, Cambridge, etc.). The app uses webview to visit the online dictionary.

- The Search screen also contains two common inputs (across tabs). They're corresponding to two search options:
  - *Word*: User inputs the word. App will check if it exists. If yes, all word fields will be displayed. If no, do nothing.
  - *Meaning*: User inputs a part of the meaning. App will check if it exists. If yes, all word fields will be displayed. If no, do nothing.

- In the Offline tab, all word fields are displayed:
  - *Definitions*
    - *Meaning*
    - *Word type*
    - *Topic*
    - *Pronunciation in UK*
    - *Pronunciation in US*
    - *Examples*
    - *Synonyms*
    - *Antonyms*
  - *Collocations*
    - *Collocation*
    - *Meaning*
    - *Examples*
  - *Idioms*:
    - *Idiom*
    - *Meaning*
    - *Examples*
  - *Pictures*

  NOTE: For how these fields are displayed, check `docs\Design\GUI\WireFrame\Search Screen - Offline Tab.png` carefully.

- In the Offline tab, there are:
  - A dropdown list for user to select an online dictionary
  - A webview to browse the selected dictionary. It's actually a embedded browser within an app. User does not need to input the URL to the dictionary. App will add the word to the URL (following a template defined by app settings) and browse to it.


# Visual annimations
- Visual annimations are shown up when:
  - User hovers or clicks on any field or button.

# Layout
- In Desktop, use Grid layout as I drawn in the wireframe.
- In Mobile, use Stack layout. So you'll need to modify the wireframe.