# Wireframe
Locate at `docs\Design\GUI\WireFrame\Learn Screen - All filter options.png`, `docs\Design\GUI\WireFrame\Learn Screen - Since weeks.png`, `docs\Design\GUI\WireFrame\Learn Screen - Choose a learning mode.png`, `docs\Design\GUI\WireFrame\Learn Screen - Word to Definition.png`

# Description
- The Learn screen consists of two groups:
  - Some filter options
  - A table list of words after filtered

- Filter options include:
  - "By color" dropdown list with following items:
    - Gray
    - Green
    - Yellow
    - Red
  - "Since weeks:
    - Since last N weeks
    - Since last N months
  - "Since words:
    - Since last N words
  - "By topic" dropdown list having items are all word topics fetched from the database

- Table list of words include following fields for a word:
  - Word
  - Color flag
  - Topic
  - Modified date

- User first has to choose one or combine multiple filters, then click `Start filtering`, the app will fetch words from database based on the filters and display all found words in the table list.

- There is a *Sort by* dropdown list for user to sort the words in the table list. This dropdown list is only shown when there is at least one word is found. By default, it's hidden.

- There is a *Select* button for user to select each word independently or select all words (with *Select all*) at once. Again, this button is only shown when there is at least one word is found. By default, it's hidden.

- After choosing the words, user can click on the *Start learning* button to start learning these words.

- All learning modes then will be shown up. User needs to click on one of them.

## Word ➜ Definition
- This screen has following UI components:
  - *Word* label
  - *Note* label
  - *Learnt coun*
  - *Progress*: How many words in the selected list are learnt
  - *Color flag*: So user can change the color flag.
  - *Pronunciation in US*: Along with a Speaker symbol for user to hear the pronunciation.
  - *Pronunciation in UK*: Along with a Speaker symbol for user to hear the pronunciation.
  - *Show word type* button
  - *Show tags* button
  - *Show examples* button
  - *Show synonyms* button
  - *Show antonyms* button
  - *Color flag* button
  - *Next* button
  - *Back* button
  - *Show* button: Click on this will re-direct user to the __Search__ screen in which the selected word is dislayed with all fields.

## Definition ➜ Word
- This screen has following UI components:
  - *Meaning* label
  - *Enter word* button: User inputs the word so that the app can check if user remembers all letters in the word. If yes, show a ✅ symbol right ahead. If no, show a ❌ symbol right ahead.
  - *Learnt coun*
  - *Progress*: How many words in the selected list are learnt
  - *Color flag*: So user can change the color flag.
  - *Show word type* button
  - *Show letters*: A letter block (empty) of the word. For example, "home" has a block | | | | |. First letter is: |h| | | |. Last letter is: | | | |e|. User can click on each block, and the letter at this block will be shown.
  - *Show synonyms* button
  - *Show antonyms* button

# Visual annimations
- Visual annimations are shown up when:
  - User hovers or clicks on any field or button.